Today we have a model
many things quite 20
here is such an accident
our noteworthy filing
5 megapixel camera
with this 24 with pure syria since march
that is, it is always
inexpensive smartphones
previous calculation model 1 20 what up to 20
used a gun
cows man
we have the apparatus today
here is light brown
Now Russia is 20 years old this is madness and Brown
camera shutter
increase decrease
is right countries dynamics
left countries dynamics
here is the connector under
memory card memory cards included on
1 gigabyte
connector under
carpine cables
with 101
here is the light of luck
adjusting visited cost by illumination
cycle details
Lidia front camera
such that while the machine
with this room set
often goes batteries
however 55 more 5
headphones
they are standard
but three layers
charge us to pull away
thin
as for computers with 101
Further CD with software
by providing
instruction
let's turn on the device
on the back cover is easy to remove
moves down
she is from
means stainless steel
the cover next to the camera is 100
in space
going to space rafts too
for carinthia is also a cosmos
the camera does not close
so interesting
flash analysis
located
and he did everything
for from April
5 megapixel camera corruption
Now the unit is uav
red button
sources of profit
and what is a parodist market special receiver
that is, it will illuminate the sewer
right there but the program but those maps
One month of navigation is waiting for you to decline
Let's check
with a huge
goal dynamics well good
assistant
next ready
but actually settings
autofocus
May 2 this year
plenty
he has good quality photos
in Krasnodar
I also shoot panorama mode
that is, it could photograph ftsp
automatically transfer ourselves and the second
square
cost for the second city
passed check
Sasha and dated is dedicated here
enough to carry red
square
turned rocks
all this is what they are bringing
this way
here is the charging connector
microphone
prey headphone
buyers
wai fay
also pole kudrin all audio formats and
you can put your favor delegation
pay make do everything from work
firstly at hand with the same purpose
here is such a device
whole situation